It's too late.
Brother, thank you for taking care of me and sending me back
Don't be too tired of Changan
Do I know everything?
Don't worry.
My fever is gone now and I'm still alive and kicking.
For you.
It's a gift.
The gift of healing
Miss Tang, are you dating Director Du?
It is rumored on the Internet that your divorce from Best Actor Song did not go well.
Someone is secretly protecting you
Is it Director Du?
There are media reports that Du Xinghe is your first love
Is that true?
Miss Tang, are you and Director Du close?
Yeah, when can we have your wedding wine?
Miss Tang, say a few words
Okay, I'll let everyone know if there is good news.
Take it. Thank you.
Brother, why did you say that just now?
If I deny this situation
They don't believe it either
Then you can't either
The board's waiting for you. Go
I don't blame Uncle Luo and the board of directors either.
I offended Lu's
So Lu's people have not paid for the financing.
What does this have to do with you?
It's clearly someone who doesn't believe what they say
If you need money, I can do it, but you can't.
Brother, I have asked you to help me a lot.
I can't invite you anymore.
Okay, don't worry.
You go back first
I can so that.
Then I'm leaving.
Isn't it just an investment?
Isn't it the IP?
Friend, you can do it.